Okay. here's the agenda for our last meeting. after the opening we're going to have a prototype presentation,. then we're going to discuss the evaluation criteria and the financing of our remote. Then we're going to evaluate the product and I think the whole production process,. let's have the prototype presentation.
The base is gonna be gunmetal gray, which is what we had decided,. and it's gonna be plastic. then there's the latex cover, which is what you see as red. and the buttons will be a much lighter blue, almost see-through. The whole thing lights up if you press any button, rather than it just that one button will light up. and then at the bottom we have our logo. And then on the side you have the buttons.
And as you've noticed on our prototype they've ended up with a curvature kind of,
I think you did an awesome job.
I don't really know exactly what we should talk about.
Feel good meaning what?
Yeah, it was a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it.
Okay so, we're using the criteria for a seven point scale,. do we feel it's very easy to use? Two. That's what I say. I mean like no, I think it's very fashionable.
I'll give it a two, because at the moment it's not looking that way.
I don't think it's that fashionable.
Does it feel good?
And it's i it is very ergonomically designed. Alright, average is two. Is it technologically innovative?
Does it have voice I mean the phrase recognition on it?
We could do it with the chip, yes.
And there's no way you can represent it on here. Y. so I'd probably give it a three. But it is just a TV remote.
It's just trendy, basically.
It's capable of being squishy and fruity.
So our re model slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie appears to be a winner,
Okay, so now we're moving on to finance,. it's not hand dynamo, it's powered by battery, so we give it a. Do I just put quantity being one battery, or. this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s,. Oh, let's just go for a lithium.
And special colour.
We're really having just push-button interface.
Button supplements the buttons are no
They're they're a special form, 'cause they're indented.
Well, we're under cost then. We've got eleven point two.
So we can go to production.
Now we're gonna talk about the project process
We think we got stifled for cri creativity by the company itself, in restricting us only to using a TV remote, initially.
We didn't have a whiteboard. And no internet.
Oh, overall I mean I thought we did a good job like. minus it being just merely a TV remote we got to choose what we wanted to do with it.
And we've all been a pretty congenial team here, I think. Yeah, digital pens.
I really appreciated those, yeah. The use of the laptops for receiving everything.
But my one issue is just like the whole it's for TV only. I was like who's gonna buy a remote just for the TV unless they've lost theirs.
And now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary,